Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Peck It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back to part
two.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh we are finishing up the orders that
we started yesterday. Well, yesterday's
video. It's still today in our time.
>> And it probably won't be yesterday for
them. So,
>> right.
>> It's really uh out of whack.
>> Last video, I should say. Yep.
>> Do we have some
>> Do we have some more of these larger
poly mailers somewhere? this. We just
got some in.
>> I don't know where they're at.
>> Right here.
>> Okay.
Ah.
Yep. Let's see.
>> Okay.
>> Those are 15 by 12, I believe. I really
need to get some really bigger ones.
>> I know. But the We'll use these two.
Don't worry.
>> So, this is a Poshmark order. It's going
ground advantage.
>> Okay. I'm going to use one of those um
fancy schmancy shoe boxes over there. I
call them.
>> Somebody in the reseller watercolor
showed a picture of a bunch of those
ground advantage boxes at their post
office and the clerk told them they were
going to be selling them. I don't know
if that's true.
>> No, no, no. That um I know the post
you're talking about.
>> Mhm.
>> I think that was in front of his house.
That that guy that particular guy
>> Mhm.
>> he has uh a business account or
something.
>> Uhhuh.
>> With USPS, I think.
>> So he has cases of them delivered. He
does he does high volume and they I
think in those in those situations they
they those some people can order them
directly
>> right
>> they maybe he has probably has some
>> commercial account maybe
>> yeah third party he's got or a third
party contact or you know what I mean I
don't know what it is
>> but
>> so I mean did you read that that they
that he was told they were going to
start having to char they were going to
charge for them if you go in the post
office to get them
>> okay I saw all I saw from that thread
and and Look, this is for us. This is a
post we saw on Facebook. So, and
>> yeah,
>> however, I mean, that guy's that guy's
like he's been straight in there in the
past. Like, I've never seen anything to
make me doubt what he's saying. I'm just
saying like,
>> yeah,
>> I'm we aren't saying this. This is uh
this is hearsay to some extent, right?
>> But
>> what I saw from that post, and maybe you
can catch me up then, is that he said
they're going to start selling them.
>> Yeah. in the post office, not Poshmark,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> That's what I saw. Yeah.
>> And then, but did he mean they're going
to add them to their online store? Like
the priority stuff, did he come back and
clarify?
>> I didn't go I didn't go look in the
comments. That's all I saw.
>> Oh, okay. So, may maybe
>> And I did read a few comments. What I
did read, he hadn't responded yet, but
somebody was like, "That's not fair.
Priority boxes are free." Yeah, but
they're making a lot more money off of
you when you ship Priority. So,
>> well, actually, the the amount of money
they were making on Priority is probably
similar to what they're making on Ground
Advantage,
>> maybe. Yeah. So, I I don't know if
they're anyway, they're supposed to be
coming to the post to the post offices
for people to get.
>> Okay.
>> So, I
Yeah, yeah,
man. I mean, honestly, I'm shocked the
post office still offers any free
shipping supplies, seeing how they're
struggling so bad, you know?
>> Like, that would be one place I would
look to uh
>> we can't keep our we can't keep our
doors open,
>> but
>> there's a bunch of free boxes that end
up at Goodwill or in the trash
>> or misused or whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I don't know. But maybe he meant but
we're not sure if if the guy meant that
they're just going to offer them when he
said for sale like it is kind of it's
like you have you it's almost like
you're making an order when you do get
the free supplies.
>> Right.
>> So I don't know if he meant that that if
he just used a poor choice of words.
>> Yeah. I don't know.
>> And meant that they're just going to
offer them.
>> Yeah. Well, we're going to be taking a
break shortly. I'll I'll go pull up that
post and see if there was any
clarification and Okay, I'll update.
I'm about to have to load up some more
my go-to.
Okay, I've got the thank you card on
this one already.
Today is Wednesday.
Yep.
>> So, that means that we're going to be uh
if we sell anything else, we're going to
be pulling orders again tomorrow.
>> That's right. Tomorrow afternoon.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah.
In lie of not in lie of in prep for
garage sales Friday.
>> Yeah.
>> Let me look at the weather real quick.
See what's going on.
>> Good idea. I have no idea.
>> I haven't been looking the weather cuz
it's been so nice. Like hardly any rain
here and the temperatures have been
beautiful. It's It's The temperatures
are slowly edging up though, the highs,
but although we're going to have a
little bit of a cold cold front moving
in.
>> Oh, yeah. Lows in the 50s. That's cold
for us.
>> Yeah, for this time of year.
>> Um, no. Yeah, no chance of rain really
until Sunday.
>> Okay, that's terrific.
>> Which we do. I mean, it is, but we we do
need some rain at some point.
>> Oh, well, yeah, but it can rain during
it can rain on Tuesdays,
>> right? It seems that way. Like will it
like not have any rain in garage sale
days? Here it comes.
>> We had a um man, I remember one year I I
think it did that every single weekend
when it was it was bad.
You remember that?
>> Yep.
>> It would be like perfect weather.
>> I know. And then at garage sale days
would come and here comes the rain.
>> Yeah.
>> Blame it on the rain.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Got to blame it on something.
Man, those songs were great, man.
>> Oh, that song.
>> I like that song.
>> Me, too.
Rob and Fab. Are they both Are they both
deceased now?
>> I don't know.
>> I know one of them. One of them is for
sure. I don't know about the other one.
Blame it on the rain.
Yeah. Yeah.
Those are uh those are some catchy
little songs.
>> They were uh what do they call them?
Industry plants. Is that what they call
them?
>> Yeah.
>> Lip sinkers.
>> They they were easy
we were easy targets back in the day,
man. for
a corporation.
Corporations could plant somebody like
that. Like Millie Vanilli,
Vanilla Ice.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like
And back then it was like
>> Yeah. These these people didn't have
like old Facebook pages you go snoop on
to see what they really were,
>> right?
And consumers didn't have the choice
that they do now,
>> right?
>> So, everybody was, you know, with within
reason. There was always some outliers.
Everybody was pretty much listening to
and watching the same things.
>> And really out of touch with these
celebrities everyday lives. It's not
like it is now where they the
celebrities share everything pretty
much, you know.
>> No, everything was really calculated,
>> right? Which you knew is what they their
interviews and like magazines and stuff,
you know,
>> what they wanted you to know.
And
>> heck, the news is the same way.
We're still kind of moving here, y'all.
We We uh we got in the previous video We
got all the stuff that had to go out
done.
>> Um, but we want to get out.
>> Yeah, we like to get out as soon as we
can, right? You know,
>> so there's a lot of stuff that's going
to go out at one day handling.
>> Okay, we got to be really careful with
these pencils cuz they're
>> Yep. That's desperation.
>> I'm going to I am going to double check
what you wrote on them, too.
I'm hoping I can caddy corner in these
things.
I think I can. They're not that long.
I think just a a bubble. Two pieces of
bubble wrap. There we go.
That'll be good.
Good. And fast. Very secure.
Yo, these eyebrow these eyebrow pencils.
That's that's what they are, right?
>> Eyeliner.
>> Eyeliner. This is desperation. Yep.
>> Okay. This my next thing.
>> Y
>> man, who wants to Man, that's a that's a
strange color to market desperation.
>> I know.
>> But that those uh you call them
eyeliner.
Do you know what the difference between
that and eyebrow pencil?
>> Uh, I guess I don't know what what is
it. I don't really know anything about
anything.
>> Eyeliner goes like around your actual
eye.
>> Okay. So, like JD Vance.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Like Pretty Boy.
>> I don't know. But there was uh you
remember there was a guy an act the
actor on Lost.
>> Can't remember who it is.
>> The bad boy.
>> Darkhaired guy. Yeah. Yeah. He was
>> or the brother the brother to the
blonde. I can't remember name.
>> I I man I'm really fuzzy on that too.
But I remember there's a guy on that
show if people uh
>> if that if it's the one I think you're
talking about he play he was on Vampire
Diaries also
>> I'll pop a picture of them up. I think I
think there's a good there's a good I
think there's a I think some people just
look like they have eyeliner.
>> They do. They do. It's cuz their
eyelashes are so thick. They have you
know so many eyelashes.
They're, you know, the
>> JD Vance definitely looks like he wears
eyeliner.
>> He might.
>> I mean, I'm not saying he does. I'm
>> speaking of
>> Oh,
I get one more whack for you.
>> Don't forget about the merchandise.
>> Uh, you need to sign this one.
>> Oh,
>> I'll sign it first.
Here you go.
All right.
Let me see what this weighs with this
guy on here.
If I cut a little bit of flap, we can
come in at
I mean I could
I'll use a box. If I cut some of this
flap off, I can easily come in at 8 o.
Only thing is on this kind of box, there
ain't a whole lot of flap to cut.
I could resize it down as well. Okay.
Yeah.
And then I can cut even more flap.
And then I get to use a box.
Let me see. Yeah, he's going to fit fine
in there. And just cut down to here.
Kevin, I think that's going to come in.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Here we go. In a box.
Shipping at 8 ounces. That's awesome.
How much more time you got? Uh, that's
probably going to be it till uh I get
back.
>> Okay.
And Candace has a uh
non-negotiable
thing she has to go do. It's nothing ser
it's actually related to the accident
they got in.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, uh All right. We're going to
take a break, but y'all won't even know.
We'll be right back.
>> Yep.
>> All right, y'all. We are We are back.
>> We're back at it. And
>> here's the hard pack of the day. Uh,
eight of these Ptoria footed drinking
glasses.
>> Oh, Candace.
>> Yes.
>> The other day we packed a um
we packed that acrylic purse.
>> Mhm.
>> And we got a we got a feedback that made
me feel really good.
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, when they
bought it, they requested to have it
double boxed, which I don't blame them.
>> Right.
>> You want me to read the feedback? Yes.
Or it was uh it's more of a message. I
didn't I didn't even look at our
feedback. See if they left feedback.
>> They did. I saw it.
>> Okay.
>> I'll read the message and the um
feedback.
>> Okay. Yeah. We're going to you know, we
mess up enough to where I think it's
okay if we uh
brag on oursel for a minute.
>> Okay. She said, "Received the bag today
and it's in amazing shape. I really
appreciate the professional packing
adding your shop to my favorites.
>> Yes.
>> So, let's go look at our feedback.
Item is in excellent condition. Pricing
was very fair. Packing was professional
with keen attention to detail so that my
item arrived in perfect condition,
protected against the elements, adding
shop to my favorites for mid-century
modern vintage.
M that makes me feel good.
>> Yep. Little validation there.
>> I appreciate that. I mean, we
>> like I said, we screw up a lot and and
we're honest about that. So, we got to
take a W every now and then, too.
>> Oh, yeah. Yes, indeed.
>> Cuz we show the L's, y'all. Y'all know
we show the L's.
>> Yep.
>> We'll take a little praise on one. Why
not?
>> You know what? You know what my favorite
part of that was? That feedback was?
>> What's that? was I could tell that they
appreciated the attention to detail on
like
>> you know like where you know like the
how the handle folded down and it would
touch the purse and Candace was like put
something in between there and I did I
took a little piece of bubble wrap after
Candace said. Yeah, you're right. And I
put that in between just so it wouldn't
>> cause any more scratches or pressure on
the acrylic cuz that acrylic can crack
kind of easy.
>> Yeah. And and I think like man, I really
I love it when somebody when I when it's
it's clear that somebody saw what we
were going for
>> and appreciates it.
>> Yep.
>> So cool. I really like that.
>> I guess I could build some boxes out for
you, huh?
>> Yeah, sure.
I don't care which tape you use. You can
use uh Yeah,
I'll go ahead and build one more and
then you can do the rest of them. You
need more room or you good? Good.
One of these days we're going to have
Candace pack and Lonnie Lonnie do
computer.
>> Oh well, you know, we've tried that and
it was a disaster. Ah,
>> not the thing. I mean, that didn't get
broken or anything, but like I I I was
trying to pack something kind of big and
I kept couldn't even see over the box
cuz I'm kind of short.
>> You're not that short. She Candace is
not like strangely weirdly short or
anything.
>> I'm shorter.
>> Here, why don't you use this one and
I'll use this one cuz I'm going to be
taking bubble wrap a little bit. I'm uh
shorter than average, I would say.
>> I don't think so.
>> You don't think 5'3 is shorter than
average?
>> Are you? Oh, I thought you were 5 Are
you 5'3?
>> Yeah, I've shrunk.
>> You used to be 5'4, didn't you?
>> I was not. I've lost an inch.
>> Okay.
>> See, I have trouble even pulling tape
off of a roll.
My weak little girl hands.
>> Oh, man.
We start talking about Candace might be
packing. I can't even pull the tape off.
>> It's true.
>> I don't know. Are you sure it's true?
You sure you're not putting on a little
bit?
>> I was just struggling. You didn't see
me?
>> Yeah. Uhhuh.
Oh, it's so hard.
>> No, this is my go-to tape, man. It is.
I mean, look. I can't pull that. My
hand's not
I'm giving it everything. Look at that.
There it goes.
>> It is. Yeah. This my go-to tape. That's
some good stuff.
>> I I like it. I I mean,
>> it's a little louder because it has good
adhesive.
Can't have one without the other.
>> That is one thing I do not like is the
noise
>> sound.
>> Only because
>> Hey, I'm just glad um
>> we're making videos, you know, in here.
>> Well, I'm I'm glad it's not like the old
days.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> When you would pack at night in the
house when I was trying to sleep.
A lot of that was because I was still
working.
>> I know.
>> Because I I did do a little part-time
side hustle for a little bit,
>> right? And you would pack at night and
that dang tape.
>> Look y'all, I would be in there. I'd be
in that room. I'd be like I'd try and
pull it slow
and be like, "Oh, man." And I was just
And next thing I know,
do you know what time it is?
get
>> sorry
>> mean she would get so mad
>> so yeah we I understand and can
sympathize with the noise it makes
>> probably a lot of people can
>> because a lot of people are uh I would
say most
>> a lot of resellers work out of their
homes
>> they're part well in their yeah most
Most sellers are probably probably doing
it as a side thing for them,
>> right?
>> And so which means that most of them are
going to have to be forced to do this at
night.
>> Yep.
>> And maybe after the rest of their
family, you know, after dinner and
family time and then they go do it,
maybe they put burn the midnight oil a
little bit.
>> Yep.
>> And they're they're So that's why
there's that's probably why there's such
a market for quiet tape.
Yeah.
>> You know what? I'll hand them to you
now.
>> I'll hand them to you when I get done
and you can you can close them up.
>> Close them up.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I'm not good enough to do that
part.
>> What? This part? No. I'm just trying to
You can if you want.
>> I'm joking.
>> Oh, yeah. We're going We're going to put
you through your paces here pretty soon.
We'll wait till we have a good day. So,
um,
>> you know the right
>> I posted I posted a little selfie on my
Facebook page
>> of what?
>> Showing off my fingernails.
>> Oh, yeah. They are bright.
>> Did you see who who commented you or did
you even see it?
>> Let me guess. Somebody I would know.
>> Yep.
>> Tanya?
>> Nope.
>> Um,
is it somebody famous?
>> No. I'm just going to tell you. You
would never guess.
>> Okay.
>> Nikki T.
>> Who?
>> Nikki T. Oh, really?
>> She said, "Oh, those would match my
tennis shoes."
>> Yeah, she's right.
>> She bought some tennis shoes from us
that are like new.
>> Oh, yeah. That is it.
>> Oh, man. You are a bad influence.
>> Rev. Rev and Nikki T ain't going to be
able to sneak up on anybody anymore.
>> That was her shoes.
>> Between Rev. Between Rev's mouth and
Nikki T's clothes.
>> Her shoes. Yeah.
They're going to be they gonna see they
gonna spot them coming from a mile away.
>> Yep.
>> I got that.
>> Oh yeah,
>> you can start getting your box ready.
>> Yeah, I'm kind of do some planning here.
Oh, uh, while the camera was off, I did
go ahead and order boxes,
but we're fine. What do I have here? Oh,
these will be fantastic.
What's our budget like on this uh
shipping?
They probably paid a pretty good deal.
paid $22.84
going to South Carolina.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, I mean,
we got we got plenty to do whatever cuz
they probably paid full
>> Well, it was a multi-quantity listing,
so I'm assuming Etsy kind of calculated
it correctly.
>> I don't know.
>> We don't know.
>> We don't ever know.
>> Sometimes these uh these sites get the
calculation right. Sometimes they don't.
But it's cool cuz
>> you usually we write like most cases we
write can just write that off to oh well
we sold more
>> right like if it
>> if it's wrong.
>> Yeah.
>> It's kind of like a little discount.
>> South Carolina is actually uh really
pretty cheap usually for us.
>> Yeah.
>> Southeast is usually pretty decent. Now,
what what can be surprisingly expensive
though is Miami, like down way down
South Florida.
>> That's Yeah, cuz that's so far away.
>> Mhm.
Let me see. Got to kind of That's a lot
of room there.
>> My hairdresser just went on um a
bachelorette trip to Miami area.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And she like was posting photos of them
on like this yacht thing.
>> Oh, so they did it up, huh?
>> Yeah. I'm like, man, I'm so jealous. We
had fun when we went there.
>> Yeah, it's it's nice. It was a lot
different than I thought. I don't know
what I expected it to.
>> Miami is a late kind of a sleepy town
during the day.
>> Yeah, I was expecting like just And it
might have been the area we were in. I
don't know. But I just expected chaos
everywhere.
>> I liked it.
>> Yeah,
>> it was nice. It It was very charming. It
had history to it. Had some culture to
it.
>> I'd love to go back cuz we really didn't
get to spend a lot of time there. We
just uh we we flew in to leave on a
cruise from there.
>> We had what, one night there? Yeah.
>> And it we enjoyed oursel.
>> Yeah. I'd love to go back.
>> I I really liked it there.
>> I would love to go back and spend a few
days there and then rent a car and drive
to the Keys.
>> Oh, yeah. That's a Yeah, I need some uh
scrap scrap.
>> We had a ton I set on top to your left.
Go up to the left down
>> right here. Okay.
Yeah. I'm going to reinforce the bottom.
I'm going to use two boxes here.
>> There's some more of this size.
>> Okay. Now, these are perfect size, too,
because these these are cut offs from a
14. This is a 14inch box here.
>> Yeah.
>> There we go. I'll just really reinforce
this.
I'm going to use some bogus paper here.
What is this? Is this bogus? Yeah, this
is bogus.
>> It's got a different sound when you tear
it off.
>> It's softer. It's much more uh
it's much uh
>> it's thicker, but the the sound is
softer.
>> Yeah. This this is a lot the scrunch
once you scrunch it is it's a lot
stronger. Yeah.
>> Stiff. YEAH.
>> I think it's good to have sec a
secondary paper like this.
Give me some more options.
Because normally I just want um
normally it's is stuff that's a little
lighter and I just don't want it to
bounce around, you know.
>> Yeah,
>> this is this is good. This is good.
Yeah, Miami was really nice.
>> Oh, we had the best pizza there, too.
>> Yeah. What was the name of that place?
Uh
>> oh my gosh. I have to ask Ryan because I
did ask Ryan a few months ago the Nemo
because my brother and my mom were going
and I I recommended it to him and now I
can't remember. It's a pretty famous
place and the waiter told us the um the
owner that opened it, he um he was from
Italy and he he he wanted to do
something authentic.
>> Trying to remember it had kind of a
weird name.
>> Mhm.
I'll put a I'll put a even if we don't
remember, we'll put a screenshot.
It got really I think I think it got
really high marks by uh Portoi
>> as well.
>> Yeah.
>> And that that's what that was what we
based on going there on was on Portoy's
review.
>> And man, it was so good.
>> It was good.
Fancy schmancy.
>> It wasn't that fancy.
>> It was a nice place. I enjoyed it.
>> Let's see.
>> I don't need quite all of this. So, I'm
just going to use this as a marker.
I can use it twice. Let's see. I think
about right.
>> Mr. 01.
>> Yeah, that's it.
>> Yep. Artisal. Oh my god. Yes. And they
have this nice It's like in this little
small mall, but the seating is outdoors
and this patio area that's covered. It
was really nice. Do they have more than
one location? I think they did, right?
>> Mr. 01.
>> Oh, yeah. They have a lot of locations.
>> It I mean, it was a little pricey, too,
but it wasn't like
>> Oh, they're they're all the way up uh up
the east coast of Florida.
Yeah, they have a lot of locations, huh?
>> Yeah. On like in the Fort Lauderdale,
Miami area. And then there's one
over
where is this?
>> Naples, Florida. Naples on the other
coast. Yeah,
>> the service. It was a It was a nice
night cuz service is awesome and
>> they had good beer.
>> Yeah, they had it was just like if
you're going for a cheap slice, it ain't
your spot. But
>> yeah, but if you're you're ever in the
Miami area, check it out. Yeah, we
ordered like there was five of us. We
ordered like
>> We each ordered a different pizza,
>> but we kind of passed around and shared.
Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Oh, and they had all truffle sauces.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> That was good.
>> So good.
So, so good.
>> I'm sure some people uh watching this
have been have eaten it, have partaken
>> probably. too.
>> And there'll probably be some people
that say, "No, if you go to Miami,
you're going to need to eat this one or
that one cuz there are
>> If you go to Miami, you should be eating
a Cuban sandwich."
>> Miami uh there was actually quite a few
uh good pizza joints in Miami. So,
>> we It wasn't easy for us to select which
one.
>> Well, the original one that Ryan wanted,
remember, it was like you had to walk up
and order it?
>> Yeah. And they people would line up
every day and it was like a big big
to-do and like we were like
>> we were like
>> you could be standing out here for like
two hours,
>> right? We wanted somewhere to go sit
down and relax. And I'm happy with the
place we picked.
>> So there may be better pizza, but that
pizza was good.
>> That's funny. talking about that cuz I I
haven't watched Port Noi one of Port
Noise uh pizza reviews in forever
and I I happen to watch uh
what is he called uh
something page views is I can't remember
I don't remember but yeah he can't I
watched I watched one of his reviews
last night
>> and he still he just does pizza
>> yeah he'll He'll do like he might do a
cowzone or something,
>> but it's always a pizza joint.
>> It seems that way. Yeah, I think so.
Heck, during CO, he was doing uh frozen
pizzas or whatever he could get his
hands on.
Man, this this is a pack, huh?
>> I know.
>> You know what? You know why? I'm I'm I'm
overpacking this, but you know why? I
want to be able to go to sleep tonight
and not worry about this package.
>> Yep.
That's why that's one of the
I could probably pack it a lot worse and
it'd still get there,
but I've I've done good enough packing
on glass in the past. It ain't worth it.
Excuse me.
It ain't worth it. You You're better off
just biting the bullet, putting in the
work in the pack of materials.
>> You don't need this.
I will. How many you got?
>> One.
>> I'll do it. Got this far.
I used it on the bottom. Usually I like
to reinforce the bottom a little more
than the top because the bottom
>> the weight is all there. Yeah.
>> Well, no. This is the weight's pretty
balanced.
>> I mean, like whenever some whenever they
pick it up where the weight's going to
be,
>> right? If we put the label on top,
not saying it's always going to be like
that, of course. I hate to make general
statements because
>> yes, it can be refuted every angle, but
in general, I think most of the most of
the handling will be done with the label
up bottom down. So, I usually will make
the bottom a little stronger if if I
make them different.
I'm not even good at packing this stuff.
Like basically when y'all see me pack
glass, it's not like a glass specialist
would pack.
>> It's like an everything seller trying to
get by.
>> Yep.
>> That's what it That's what this is.
>> We're not really equipped for glassware.
Make do with what we have. Yeah.
>> Like I'm sure if we were like a strictly
glassware seller foam roll and Yeah.
>> Yeah. Foam rolls and we'd have precut
out cardboard.
Yeah. All that stuff.
>> Yep.
>> So yeah, we are everything sellers kind
of getting by just like when we pack a
record. everything seller trying to pack
a record, you know, everything,
which I think a lot of us, like a lot of
eBay sellers are in that spot or just
like when we list clothing. We don't
really have the best lighting or photo
setup or whatever for clothing, but we
>> That's probably the worst.
>> I see people with these fancy things
they're making with the tilted boards
and stuff.
>> Oh, yeah. And that looks nice.
>> It does. cuz we just wouldn't have the
room for that,
>> right?
But we're everything sellers getting by.
Can still do it.
This pack is just ridiculous, huh? This
is why
This is why I
This is why I always side eye you.
>> Yeah.
I'll spend the profit on this on that we
made though.
That's kind of a bigger thing, too. And
I don't even have a box for that either.
>> Yeah.
Fortunately, what it's in is very
sturdy.
>> Yeah. I already kind of All right, let
me before we start talking about that.
Yeah, this is ready to roll. All right.
All righty.
>> Mhm.
>> Time to pack this guy.
This is a sticker machine.
>> Yeah. I'm going to put a little more
paper in there.
It came with the box and everything, but
it didn't come with the like I'm
assuming it probably had foam or
something in here.
>> Interior. Yeah.
>> Some kind of inserts. It didn't come
with that.
So,
I didn't sell it as new open box or
anything like that.
I was uh
>> Yep. I think I said I may have even said
influencer demoed it once or something
like that.
>> Right.
>> It's as new as a used item can be.
>> It was you. It was
>> Yes, cuz it was used. I bet she
literally made one sticker with it,
>> right?
Or did you know whatever for one one
little tick tock?
>> Yep.
>> Man, what a racket. What a good deal.
Probably, man, if she sold some of
these. Um
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Man, that would be
the money. The money is selling
something like this. The percentage must
be like crazy. Like if
>> cuz these things cost people are paying
300 about $300 for these new.
>> Oh wow.
>> Brand new. Three. I think it's like 300
shipped kind of level. So
even if she was even if she's getting
like 5% of that
>> Yeah.
>> which that would be bare minimum I think
I would think to make it worth anybody's
while to mess with. If she's getting 5%
of that that's $15 a unit.
>> That's awesome.
So if you don't know what he's talking
about Tik Tok influencers get sent stuff
by companies to show it,
>> right? And then it goes in their Tik Tok
shop, the link, and if someone buys with
their link, they get paid a cut.
>> And then some of them are some a lot of
them are also have the opportunity to
then sell that thing
for u for a profit at their garage sale.
>> Yeah. It's theirs to keep and do what
they want with,
>> right?
>> Yep.
Now,
some of them like we could actually do
Tik Tok as well. Tik Tok shop actually
got approved the other day.
>> Yeah.
>> But we would we would be buying a
product and demoing it, doing all that
on our own dime. Unless we got an offer
from traction. Yeah.
>> And I'm not even sure I want to get
involved with that.
>> Yeah. Cuz I mean
>> I I don't think that's going to be
anything like that. is going to be for
us.
>> Yeah. Cuz they get sent random items. It
doesn't necessarily have to do with what
they like wouldn't necessarily have to
do with resell and what we get sent, you
know? So,
>> it must they probably the other
companies probably get like reports of
how effective different creators are.
>> Yeah.
>> The the very effective ones they send uh
they're like, "Hey, here's some free
stuff you want to do. show our stuff,
too.
That's what I'm guessing. Anyways, we
don't really know that much about it.
>> I don't know.
>> Candace, you might want to Maybe you
should reach out to that girl
sometime.
>> Yep. Let her know.
We'll make the drive.
>> Well, that and you know, maybe find out
some more details about exactly what
she's doing.
>> Yeah. and see if it's something that
you'd be interested in or not.
I
mean, we never have really been ones to
hawk products.
>> No,
>> too much.
>> I don't mind doing it on something on
stuff. I like the
>> stuff that we like and use.
>> Yeah.
I don't.
>> That's my concern. Like
you probably kind of feel obligated if a
company sends you something like this.
>> It's always been that way,
>> you know?
>> Right.
>> And what if you think it's a piece of
crud, you know?
>> Well,
it's one of the things, right? Like
I had I had a I had something fall
through with a a company that was trying
to send us a printer last week.
>> Yeah. We we met an impass. I had I
demanded to maintain
uh creative control and control of the
link.
>> Yeah.
>> Which almost makes me wonder at that
point because that was a deal breaker
for them.
>> They wanted the they originally wanted
me and I didn't even like the way the
the negotiation went down and I'm not
even good at it. So take that for what
it what it's worth. the and I'm not even
going to say the company, but the
original deal was,
hey, we'll send you a free printer.
Retail value about $150. Yeah. Okay.
We'll send you a free printer
and
if if you agree to just review it or de
or show using it
>> in a video and then um
put and then also we would want you to
put
u a link to buy it in the description
and the uh comments. And so I start
thinking about it
>> with no other compensation,
>> right? And I start thinking about I was
like, well, let me think let me think
about this pragmatically.
And this is where this is why it's so
hard for us to get a deal.
So, well, basically there's we don't
need a printer. We have a thermal
printer now that works fine and we also
have a backup printer that also works
fine if something should happen to that.
So, we have absolutely no use for
another thermal printer. So, basically
what we're getting paid for here would
beundred and $150 printer.
And
we don't even get future affiliate
money,
>> right,
>> from sales of said printer. If we if we
even like it and we want to promote it,
we we would not get the the benefit of
that. So basically it's they're paying
they're they're giving they're not even
paying 150 because obviously if they're
selling those for 150 then they're it's
costing them a lot less than that,
right?
>> Yeah. Probably like $20 or something
>> or whatever. Yeah. Whatever it is.
>> Yeah.
>> So do we do do we value like is that is
that fair compensation?
I was like no it's not it's not enough.
So, and and and then I was like
I was like, you know, that's not that's
just not enough compensation. We that's
not good enough. And so, I started
thinking. I was like, okay, it's not
enough compensation. So, what is enough
compensation? So, I I said, you know,
the printer and $1,000.
And I thought that would just make them
go away.
But then even before that, I was like,
wait a second.
If I get a thou if they pay us $1,000,
well, now it's not even a review at all.
>> Right. That's my whole point. Yeah.
>> Right. And I've never even done this
before. Like the Jaden's printer, they
ain't no no money exchanged
>> and no creative control.
>> Nope.
>> But I started thinking about it and I
regretted it immediately.
Um it just like like what if they say
what if they agree to that? I don't want
to do that anyways.
>> Yeah. But they didn't agree to it. They
came back with $800
and they probably thought I would just
take that. So they were going to send us
the printer and $800.
And
I was like
>> I was like, "Okay, well I'm sorry we
couldn't I I replied, I'm sorry we
couldn't reach an agreement, but I've
got a new deal for you.
You send us printer,
we do what we want to with it. We may or
may not make a video with it,
but if we do,
we don't show your link. We use our own
>> affiliate link, whether that be a they
do sell them on Amazon.
>> Yeah,
>> that's how I would like it to be like
when we get offers for them to just send
us this thing and try it out and decide
if we want to review it or not. if we
want to like it may or may not make a
video. We're not promising anything
>> and that that happens with the Tik Tok
influencers. They choose whether they
want to promote stuff or not. And that I
think that's how it should be. That way
it's honest, you know.
>> I'm just glad that they didn't agree to
the thousand.
>> Yeah.
>> Because then I would have had and I'm
like, "Okay, now what have you done?"
>> Right.
>> And I I probably would have backed out
of that. I probably would have said,
"You know what? Never mind." Because
like how can you you cannot
You can lie to yourself and say that has
that $1,000 they gave me has no effect
on my opinion, but that's impossible. If
somebody pays you 1K,
>> Yep.
>> you're going to feel at some level
beholden to them. I'm sorry.
>> Yep.
>> You just are.
>> So,
I'm glad it didn't work out. Oh,
also I wonder if I was even dealing with
that with the company that makes them
because I probably was dealing with a
marketing company.
>> Yeah, that's usually how it goes
>> because if I was like, well, if it was
the company that was making them that I
was dealing with, of course, they would
love to just send us the product and
then hope something good happen comes of
it,
>> right? But if you're a marketing the a
marketing company and you get paid based
on performance,
uh send us a printer, we may or may not
use it, but we will not give you the the
you know, we will not use your affiliate
code. Well, that sound that's a total
non-starter for them.
>> Yep.
>> And I found that spot and then they're
that's when they were like, "Nope." And
they they bailed.
very tricky
and we don't even have much influence,
you know,
>> and they're like
had another company had a company reach
out to us, not even related to reselling
the company, but um he's like, "Hey, I'd
like to collab And I said, "Oh." I said,
"What do you have in mind?" Some outdoor
company, they sell like super overpriced
stuff.
And the offer was for 40% of sales.
>> Wow.
>> Zero upfront dollars.
>> Yeah.
>> It doesn't sound like
that doesn't make sense to me to give
people free influence, exposure with
nothing promised, right?
>> I I mean, I'm just not going to do that.
And plus, it's not in a um it's not in a
niche that makes sense for us anyways.
All right, we got some uh what is this,
Candace?
>> Elks lodge. Uh I don't know. Uh a lot of
elk lodge is a fee hat, some kind of
collar, and an apron.
Ceremonial collar. It's like a metal on
a basically
>> this stuff has been listed for um
>> couple years
>> almost I think it's
>> cuz it said they they did they had they
had a couple of questions and then they
made an offer.
>> Gotcha.
>> And the the eBay told me it was like 587
days or something like that.
>> And that definitely changes
>> Yeah.
>> changes things for me.
Whenever I find out something's been in
here over a year, I'm like, hm.
>> Right.
>> Kind of motivated now. And we had it
listed for what, 150?
>> Yep.
>> And they they offered $110 and I was
like, well, that's that's pretty
obvious. I think we paid 25 for it.
>> That sounds right. Bought it at an
estate sale um on a 75% off day, but she
was also kind of making deals.
>> That's the thing, Candace. Like
>> that's the thing about stuff like this
at an estate sale. Your regular estate
sale shopper that's not a reseller is
not going to be interested in something
like that. That's something that needs
to go online to be sold.
>> That is one of the reasons why a lot of
these estate s companies that we we have
good relationships with. That's one of
the reasons why we have those
relationships because often times we are
buying things because they obviously
they have relationships with a lot of
resellers.
>> Yeah.
>> But we are willing to buy some things
that others are not.
>> Yeah. Some weird weird stuff.
>> So we bring we bring a special kind of
value to a lot of these people.
>> Yep.
and they know we'll buy a lot and
they'll know,
you know, I mean, obviously we're not
we're not making huge huge deals or
anything like that, but they know we'll
spend a little money, too, if the if the
product's right.
>> Yep. And if the if the uh profit for us
is there.
>> Yeah. So they they
>> get the numbers right
>> and we but we are not we're like
we're their get get help get the house
clear kind of people, you know, right?
>> We're not their first day people.
>> We're the scavengers.
That's one of the best things we ever
did was to get more into uh estate
sales.
>> Yeah,
>> cuz there was a man
>> we for a long time we didn't go.
>> There's a long time. Oh man, those are
overpriced.
And that's true. They are.
But you got to know how to work it.
And you got to know how to not get upset
about the prices. You know what I mean?
Like I don't take it any any of it
personally.
>> Yeah. They have their job to do,
>> right?
Don't butttheads with them.
Is there a thank you card? Uh,
man, I missed a thank you card on a
package last week.
>> Let's go ahead and do another one just
for the heck of it.
>> All right, there's probably two cards in
here. We'll make up for that package
last week, right? We
>> didn't include one at all.
Oh man, I feel so much better now. I I
y'all I woke up with a bad headache. It
was bad.
I stayed up stayed up late last night.
I was working I was burning the midnight
oil working on projects.
>> Yep.
I stayed up way past my bedtime, too.
I was feeling it this morning.
>> I was too, but I was feeling like a
pounding headache.
>> Yeah, mine was just tired.
>> I felt like somebody was like punching
me behind my eye or something.
>> That's the worst.
>> But it's gone now.
>> All right.
I'm guessing these 644s
with a uh with one of these pencils in
it. I'm guessing they they're 4 oz, but
I'm not sure.
>> Have they been?
>> Oh, yeah. No, they're doing 4 ounces.
They have been.
>> Yeah. And that's the size box I intended
for you to use.
>> So, we could use a bubble mailer.
I don't want to.
>> Yeah, cuz it's a pencil. It can't break,
right? You know,
>> I don't want to. We ship them like this.
We know we won't have any problems. Man,
those these things are awesome. We must
have sold 100 bucks. Oh, I didn't know
we had something kind of good.
>> Yeah,
>> kind of like extra package.
>> Another fun pack. Might have to go grab
some more uh bubble boy here in a
minute.
We don't have to order bubble boy yet,
though.
>> Nope.
>> This is the first roll of the last
order.
How often we order bubble boy? Once
every two months,
>> I think so. That sounds about right
>> for the bubble wrap.
I think we buy the tape twice a year.
cost us about a hundred hundred bucks
twice a year. So,
and I looked that up because I I was
getting so much grief about the tape.
>> And I because I do overtape.
>> Yeah.
>> You always so quick to agree sometimes.
>> Well, I mean, but our packages never
bust open.
>> Well, nobody else's are either, though,
so it's kind of, you know,
>> maybe you don't know that.
>> Yeah.
But I would c I remember I was catching
so much grief about that and I was like,
"Well, what is it really costing?" Like,
let's say let's say I use twice as much
tape as I should.
>> Mhm.
Let's just say that. Well, we spend
about $200 a year on tape. So, if I use
twice as much as I should, then that's
an ext
>> $100.
>> $100 a year.
>> Yeah.
>> $8 a month.
Basically a trip a trip and a half to
Starbucks or something.
>> That's GPS,
>> huh? Oh,
well, I got to figure something out
then.
>> Yeah,
>> that's a ground saver.
>> Okay,
so I certainly don't want anything to
happen to it. Okay, I got a uh
actually using a used box. Actually had
some good packing paper in it as well. A
lot of it.
So, we are doing a used box.
A good used box. But it is a used box
up better. Yeah, that's a better way to
go.
Okay.
Well,
>> that was a good little find. That's
perfect.
>> Yeah, great size.
>> Oh,
well, that was a fun little couple of
days of sales, huh?
>> Yeah, some great sales.
>> So,
as always, you know, good days, bad
days. Had a couple of good ones there.
I do think I do think the crosslisting
these days is not really such an
optional thing anymore though.
>> No.
>> Yeah. I'm glad we have something in
place and we started doing that
>> long. Yeah. We were pretty resistant to
uh crosslisting for a while. Y
>> um but then we finally gave in and so
let's give it a shot.
All right, it's worked out.
>> 128 10 box.
>> Yeah, it's a that's a kind of an
interesting size, isn't it?
>> Yeah,
I could see us using that a lot.
>> Okay, I might see what uh I'm I'm rein
reinforcing these corners. Don't 100%
trust this thing.
Okay. Wait, let me see the bottom. Yeah,
that's good. All right.
Happy to see this. I was a little bit
torn on how to list these.
>> Why am I doing that?
>> These are chatbooks.
>> Where did we sell that?
>> Poshmark prepaid.
>> As long as it ain't over five pounds,
you're already set, huh?
>> No, I'm sorry. Mccari.
>> Ah, so forget what I said.
Um these
>> but we're good because it has the uh
weight on here and 4 lbs and we're under
that. So
>> these this is a chatbook that we
recently got
in a big lot of books
and we had
41 of these things. Um
>> yep. And there I don't want to go into
exactly what they are again. We've
talked about them a pretty good bit. you
look it up or whatever. Uh I was really
torn. I wanted to maybe
on one hand I was like, man, we ought to
just lock that up. That's going to take
forever to sell.
And if I did that, we're probably going
to be looking to get about $5 of whack.
So that would have been a couple hundred
bucks versus
what I ended up deciding to do. And see,
there's not a ton. Like, there's soul
data on this stuff,
but there's not a ton because there's
also not a ton available because they're
all short runs,
>> very short runs.
>> So, it's one of those things where it's
not a it's not a big market at all, but
it's fairly fairly healthy. But, we'll
see.
I was torn, but I was torn between
loting up or selling individually. And
finally, I was like, you know what?
selling like selling individually, it
will not take long to list them all.
And even if we sell 25% of them like
that individually, that that would be
about as much as we'd probably hope to
get loted up,
>> right? And then we after we've sold that
and if sales have stalled
then we can still just lot them up the
rest of them up
because the amount of time I spent
listing them is not that bad.
So
>> no, I think that was the right thing to
do.
>> Yeah, I think so too because the total
listings I did $17.99 a piece. Total
listings came up to like $738.
>> Yeah.
And if we could probably sell $200 of
them in the fir in six months.
>> They were they were part of a buy we
did. It was a bookcase probably about
this tall and this wide loaded with
books. We paid $100 for all of it
>> and like so yeah. So they factored
almost nothing into it.
>> Right.
>> But yeah,
man. That was a very very good buy that
we
>> It was an awesome buy. It almost didn't
happen. Well, and then the um
I just mean the whole thing cuz we went
to that we went back to that place like
twi we went to that place twice.
>> Yep.
>> If y'all seen like the BBOP Deluxe stuff
that came from there.
>> Yep.
>> Um a bunch of stuff came from there. Oh,
the uh